Update ODBC Driver Download Links (#1)
Bit-Quill/project-website: verify-signatures.markdown

## How to verify signatures for downloadable artifacts

> ### <a name="Pgp">PGP</a>

Reviewer: 👍

jarsigner -verify -verbose <path_to_jar>
```

### <a name="WindowsSigner">Windows</a>
ODBC driver .msi can be verified by a few different methods.

Verify signature in PowerShell version > 5.1:
```
Get-AuthenticodeSignature -FilePath <path_to_msi>
```

Verify signature using SigCheck:

- Download [SigCheck](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/sigcheck)

Verify signature using SignTool:

- Download [SignTool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/seccrypto/using-signtool-to-verify-a-file-signature)

> Signature Certificate:

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
Signature Pingerfrint:
```

```

> 2DA2 DC02 8EE6 42CD 77C4 BA04 F289 1F24 7831 2C29

Reviewer: is this downloadable somewhere?

Author: I haven't been able to find them anywhere. If anyone knows where I could plz link!

```

> ### <a name="CodeSigner">CodeSign</a>
> ODBC driver .pkg is signed using CodeSign.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### <a name="CodeSigner">MacOS</a>
Signature of ODBC driver installer for MacOS could be verified using `pgkutil`.
```

To verify signature run in the terminal:
```
pkgutil --verbose --check-signature <path_to_pkg>
```

Certificate Fingerprint:
```

> 49 68 39 4A BA 83 3B F0 CC 5E 98 3B E7 C1 72 AC 85 97 65 18 B9 4C BA 34 62 BF E9 23 76 98 C5 DA

Reviewer: is this downloadable somewhere?

Author: I haven't been able to find them anywhere. If anyone knows where I could plz link!
